Hello girls how are you
A kiss from today I'm going to teach you
or not there the hair and make a tiara
of flowers for you to use now in
spring summer then let's go to the tutorial
you will need a small bow flowers
and hot glue with girls to do
Find out then we'll get the
little flowers here
and I'm going to cut them here, the darling
and she will be like this
So here it is so I'll get it.
hot glue
I'll start here
for this part that will get a
flower and I'll talk to you nearby
that way percent and to do and then I
I'll tell her if around the
My take my take from there
daisies was ready to protect the
hair makes a thermal protector on you
You 'll be everything, province will not leave.
by about 80% still fined by the
then I brush my hair
I was already brushed I do not know for that
first fuse that will help
put a dock
hence the anna the first bob I put
in the forties is super easy to
do
as you can see we give kisses
class and in the end we put a blank
on each side
the property bags cost around
5 to 6 reais and the white the 34 times then
I'm going to roll it rains all over mine
head
throughout the hair as will roll a
hobby but with believers and also behind
bope will give a super cool effect on
hair and I 'm going to get him out of here in about 30
40 minutes to let hair software
and the wedding cake
Enjoy doing the makeup
while I just got a makeup
pretty average and there is the result of
hair on a blog nor as your quote
question - How do I want a hair
I'm going to babysit in the
My hair tips are finalized
We loose things for a little more
what is hair is everything
now I'm going to put on the tiara
so girls this is what I hope you
have enjoyed do not miss this
video sharing and subscribe to
our channel down here I see you
until the next video bye